A data structure is a storage that is used to store and organize data. 
It is a way of arranging data on a computer so that it can be accessed and updated efficiently.

Advantages of Data Structures: 
											Efficiency
											Reusability
											Processing Speed
											Abstraction
											Data Searching

Classification of Data Structure: 
------------------------------------
	Linear:  Data structure in which data elements are arranged sequentially 
			Static:Static data structure has a fixed memory size.
						Array:
								Single dimensional Array - Check
								Multidimensional Array - Check
			Dynamic:  The size is not fixed
						Queue:
						Stack:
						LinkedList:
										Singly-linked list -  Linked List is a linear data structure. Unlike arrays, linked list elements are not stored at a contiguous location; the elements are linked using pointers. They include a series of connected nodes. Here, each node stores the data and the address of the next node
										Doubly Linked list - A Doubly Linked List (DLL) contains an extra pointer, typically called the previous pointer, together with the next pointer and data which are there in the singly linked list.
										Circular Linked List - Where all nodes are connected to form a circle.
												The first node and the last node are connected to each other which forms a circle. 
												There is no NULL at the end.
														Circular singly linked list:  the last node of the list contains a pointer to the first node of the list. We traverse the circular singly linked list until we reach the same node where we started. The circular singly linked list has no beginning or end. No null value is present in the next part of any of the nodes.
														Circular Doubly linked list: has properties of both doubly linked list and circular linked list in which two consecutive elements are linked or connected by the previous and next pointer and the last node points to the first node by the next pointer and also the first node points to the last node by the previous pointe
	

	Non-Linear: data elements are not placed sequentially or linearly
			Tree:
					Binary Tree
					Binary Search Tree
					AVL Tree
					Red-Black Tree
			Graph:
			Heap:
					MaxHeap
					MinHeap
			Hash:
					HashSet
					HashMap
